# Healthcare



subordinated classes of notes will be made only once payments of principal have been made in full to all classes of notes senior to those classes. As a result, there may not be enough cash available to pay the interest on
certain subordinated classes of notes on that distribution date. The failure to make principal payments on any class of notes will generally not result in an event of default under the indenture until the applicable
final scheduled distribution date or redemption date. The amount of principal required to be paid to investors prior to the applicable final scheduled distribution date will be limited to amounts available for those
purposes. Therefore, the failure to pay principal of a note generally will not result in an event of default under the indenture until the applicable final scheduled distribution date or redemption date for that class of notes.
We cannot predict the rate at which the notes will amortize. Your notes may amortize more quickly than expected for a variety of reasons. First, obligors can prepay their automobile loan contracts without penalty.
The rate of prepayments may be influenced by a variety of factors, including changes in economic and social conditions. The fact that consumer obligors generally may not sell or transfer their financed vehicles securing
the automobile loan contracts without the servicer’s consent may also influence the rate of prepayments. Second, under certain circumstances, the depositor and Exeter are obligated to purchase automobile loan contracts
as a result of breaches of eligibility representations and warranties. As a result of such breach, the outstanding principal balance of the affected automobile loan contracts would be paid by the depositor and subsequently
by Exeter, as applicable, and the automobile loan contracts would be removed from the automobile loan contract pool. Third, the notes contain an overcollateralization feature that could result in accelerated principal
payments to noteholders, which would cause faster amortization of the notes than of the automobile loan contract pool. Finally, the servicer or the depositor has the right to purchase the automobile loan contracts
remaining in the automobile loan contract pool when the outstanding principal balance of the automobile loan contract pool is 10% or less of the aggregate principal balance of the automobile loan contract pool as of the
cutoff date. If this right is exercised by the servicer or the depositor, you may be paid principal of the notes earlier than you expected. In any of these cases, you may be repaid principal of the notes at a different rate than
you expect and you may not be able to reinvest the principal repaid to you at a rate of return that is at least equal to the rate of return on your notes. Your yield to maturity may be reduced by prepayments or slower
than expected prepayments. The pre-tax yield to maturity is uncertain and will depend on a number of factors including the following:
• The rate of return of principal is uncertain. The amount of payments of principal of your notes and the time when you receive those payments depends on the amount and times at which obligors make principal
payments on the automobile loan contracts. Those principal payments may be regularly scheduled payments or
20
unscheduled payments resulting from prepayments or defaults on the automobile loan contracts. For example, the servicer may engage in marketing practices or promotions, including refinancing, which may
indirectly result in faster than expected payments on the automobile loan contracts. In addition, prepayments of principal on the automobile loan contracts may increase when market conditions cause third party lending
companies that specialize in sub-prime lending to lower their underwriting standards to give obligors on the automobile loan contracts access to more financing options.
• You may be unable to reinvest distributions in comparable investments. Asset-backed notes, like the notes, usually produce a faster return of principal to investors if market interest rates fall below the interest rates
on the related automobile loan contracts and produce a slower return of principal if market interest rates rise above the interest rates on the related automobile loan contracts. As a result, you are likely to receive a
greater amount of money on your notes to reinvest at a time when other investments generally are producing a lower yield than that on your notes, and are likely to receive a lesser amount of money on your notes
when other investments generally are producing a higher yield than that on your notes. You will bear the risk that the timing and amount of payments on your notes will prevent you from attaining your desired yield.
• An optional redemption of the notes will shorten the life of your investment which may reduce your yield to maturity. If the automobile loan contracts are purchased by the servicer or the depositor upon exercise of a
“clean-up call,” the issuing entity will redeem all notes then outstanding and you will receive the remaining principal amount of your notes plus accrued interest through the related distribution date. Following
payment to you of the remaining principal amount of your notes, plus accrued interest, your notes will no longer be outstanding and you will not receive the additional interest payments that you would have received
had the notes remained outstanding. If you bought your notes at a premium, your yield to maturity will be lower than it would have been if the optional redemption had not been exercised. See “Description of the
Notes—Optional Redemption” in this prospectus.
Decrement tables are based upon assumptions and models, and therefore, the actual weighted average lives of the notes may differ from the weighted average lives shown in the decrement tables. The
decrement tables appearing under “Yield and Prepayment Considerations” in this prospectus have been prepared on the basis of the modeling assumptions set forth under “Yield and Prepayment Considerations” in this
prospectus. The model used in this prospectus for prepayments does not purport to be a historical description of prepayment experience or a prediction of the anticipated rate of prepayment of any pool of automobile loan
contracts, including the automobile loan contracts in the pool. It is highly unlikely that the automobile loan contracts will prepay at the rates specified. The prepayment assumptions are for illustrative purposes only. For
these reasons, the actual weighted average lives of the notes may differ from the weighted average lives shown in the decrement tables. You may suffer a loss if the final scheduled distribution date of the notes is
accelerated. If a default occurs under the indenture and the final scheduled distribution dates of the outstanding notes are accelerated, the indenture trustee may, under certain circumstances specified in the indenture, sell
the automobile loan contracts and prepay those notes in advance of their final scheduled distribution date. The proceeds from such a sale of the automobile loan contracts may be insufficient to pay the aggregate principal
amount of the outstanding notes and accrued interest on those notes in full. If this occurs, you may suffer a loss due to such an acceleration. The issuing entity cannot predict the length of time that will be required for
liquidation of the assets of the issuing entity and holding trust to be completed. In addition, liquidation proceeds may not be sufficient to repay the notes in full. Even if liquidation proceeds are sufficient to repay the notes
in full, any liquidation that causes the outstanding principal amount of the notes to be paid before the related final scheduled distribution date will involve the prepayment risks described above. There may be a conflict
of interest among classes of notes. As described elsewhere in this prospectus, if an event of default occurs under the indenture, only the majority noteholders of the most senior class outstanding (with the Class A Notes
voting together as a single class) will be able to waive that event of default, accelerate the applicable final scheduled distribution dates of the notes or direct 21
any remedial action under the indenture (although a consent of all noteholders is required for sale or liquidation of the collateral in certain circumstances set forth in the indenture). Because the holders of different classes
of notes may have varying interests when it comes to these matters, you may find that courses of action determined by other noteholders do not reflect your interests but that you are nonetheless bound by the decisions of
these other noteholders. There may be conflicts of interest among classes of notes due to differing priorities of payment and terms. Investors in the notes should consider that certain decisions may not be in the best
interests of each class of noteholders and that any conflict of interest among different noteholders may not be resolved in favor of investors in a particular class of notes. Any disputes that arise between noteholders may
not be resolved without substantial delay, which may cause delays in payment on the notes. The economic interests of the holders of a class of notes may not coincide with those of other holders of the same class or
holders of other classes of notes. The holders of notes will not be required to consider any possible adverse effect of their actions on other holders of the same class or holders of other classes of notes. There are potential
conflicts of interest relating to the underwriters. One or more of the underwriters or their affiliates may from time to time perform investment banking services for, or solicit investment banking business from, any
person named in this prospectus. The underwriters and/or their employees or customers may from time to time enter into hedging positions with respect to one or more classes of notes. The underwriters and their
affiliates may invest or take long or short positions in securities or instruments, including the notes, that may be different from positions held by other noteholders. The activities of the underwriters and their affiliates may
not align with the interests of the noteholders and may result in certain conflicts of interest. Any voting or consent rights could be exercised by them in a manner that could adversely affect your investment in the notes.
Also, the ownership of any notes by the underwriters or their affiliates could adversely affect the development of a market for such notes. If any of this were to occur, the interests of the underwriters and their affiliates
may not be aligned with the interests of other noteholders. One or more of the underwriters or their affiliates has entered into, and may from time to time enter into, credit facilities or other financial transactions with
Exeter or its affiliates. Actions taken by the underwriters and/or their affiliates in connection with such transactions, which may include the exercise of remedies against Exeter, could adversely affect Exeter. If this were
to occur, Exeter’s ability to service the automobile loan contracts could be adversely affected, in which event payments on the notes could be delayed or reduced. Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., one of the
underwriters, is an affiliate of three The Blackstone Group-affiliated investment funds which acquired an indirect majority interest in Exeter in August 2011. Retention of some or all of one or more classes of notes by
the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor may reduce the liquidity of the notes. Some or all of one or more classes of notes may be retained by the depositor or an affiliate of the depositor. Accordingly, the market
for such a retained class of notes may be less liquid than would otherwise be the case. In addition, if any retained notes are subsequently sold in the secondary market, demand and market price for notes already in the
market could be adversely affected. Additionally, if any retained notes are subsequently sold in the secondary market, the voting power of the noteholders of the outstanding notes may be diluted. Original issue discount
for the notes. One or more classes of the notes may be issued with original issue discount, or OID, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a note is issued with OID, a U.S. holder (as defined under “U.S. Tax Matters”
in this prospectus) generally will be required to accrue OID with respect to such note on a current basis as ordinary income and pay tax accordingly, regardless of whether such U.S. holder receives cash attributable to that
income and regardless of such U.S. holder’s usual method of tax accounting. For further discussion of the computation and reporting of OID, see “U.S. Tax Matters—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of the Notes—
Original Issue Discount” in this prospectus.
Amendments to the timing of income rules may have tax implications on noteholders. A noteholder using the accrual method of accounting generally will be required to include amounts in income with respect to a
note no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements of such holder. The application of this rule thus may require the accrual of income earlier than as described below, under the heading
“U.S. Tax Matters—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of the Notes” in this prospectus. Prospective purchasers of notes using the accrual method of accounting are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
application of these rules to income in respect of a purchased note. For further discussion of the application of this rule, see “U.S. Tax Matters—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of the Notes—Potential Acceleration of
Items of Income” in this prospectus. RISKS PRIMARILY RELATED TO THE AUTOMOBILE LOAN CONTRACTS, ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND OTHER FACTORS Adverse events arising from the
coronavirus outbreak could result in delays in payment or losses on your notes. There has been a widespread outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19, throughout the world, including in the United
States. The outbreak was declared to be a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the President of the United States made an emergency declaration under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency
Assistance Act. A significant number of countries and the majority of U.S. state governments have also made emergency declarations related to the outbreak and have attempted to slow community spread of the virus by
providing social distancing guidelines, issuing stay-at-home orders and mandating the closure of certain non-essential businesses, which, in many jurisdictions, initially included automotive dealers. The outbreak has led,
and will likely continue to lead, to disruptions in global financial markets and the economies of many nations, and is resulting in adverse impacts on the economy of the United States (which include a significant increase
in unemployment) and the global economy in general. The long-term impacts of the social, economic and financial disruptions caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 are unknown. While the Federal Reserve has
implemented emergency interest rate cuts and the United States federal government and other governments have implemented other measures and stimulus plans in response to concerns surrounding the economic effects
of the outbreak, the likelihood of a longer-term national or global economic downturn cannot be predicted. For example, the COVID-19 outbreak has contributed to the recent recession in the United States economy and
it is unclear how long the recession will last or how severe it will be. Furthermore, it is unclear how many obligors have been and will continue to be adversely affected by the outbreak and related efforts by the
government to slow the spread of COVID-19 throughout the nation. In addition, many automotive dealers were required to temporarily close or restrict their operations due to being classified as non-essential businesses
and, even for dealerships that remained open or have reopened, consumer demand has deteriorated for many. As discussed under “—During periods of economic downturn, losses may increase and loans used to finance
vehicles may incur greater losses,” the current economic downturn is expected to have a negative impact on the ability of obligors to make timely payments on their automobile loan contracts and may result in increased
losses on the automobile loan contracts. Further, federal, state or local governments could enact, and in some cases have enacted, laws, regulations, executive orders or other guidance that allow obligors to stop making
scheduled payments on certain obligations for some period of time, require modifications to the related contracts (e.g., waiving accrued interest), or preclude creditors from exercising certain rights or taking certain
actions with respect to collateral securing such obligations, including repossession or liquidation of financed vehicles. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, Exeter temporarily suspended repossession activities in
certain jurisdictions. Although Exeter has resumed repossession activities in all but a limited number of such jurisdictions (where allowed by law), there can be no assurance that repossession activity will not be further
restricted as the result of changes in applicable laws and guidance or for other reasons. Any delay in repossession activity may extend the timing of expected cashflow from the automobile loan contracts, increase the
weighted average life of any class of notes, reduce the yield on your notes and adversely affect the market value of the notes. The continued spread of COVID-19 may ultimately result in staffing problems in various
industries and businesses as staff members become ill or as various governmental authorities are requiring or urging non-essential employees (including at businesses deemed essential) to stay home to avoid becoming ill
and spreading the virus.
Many 24
businesses are continuing to review and adjust their business continuity plans to potentially change how and from where their staff members work in light of the outbreak. Those staffing problems and adjustments could
cause changes in historical obligor behavior, potentially resulting in less timely payments on automobile loan contracts. Any such staffing problems could adversely affect the ability of Exeter and the other transaction
parties to perform their respective obligations under the transaction documents. As discussed under “—Adverse events with respect to the servicer or certain of its vendors may increase the risk of loss on your
investment”, the outbreak could adversely affect Exeter’s business. Furthermore, as discussed under “Exeter’s Automobile Financing Program—Loan Servicing,” to the extent the current economic downturn results in
increased delinquencies and defaults by obligors on the automobile loan contracts, the servicer may implement a range of actions to extend or modify the payment terms on the automobile loan contracts, but the
extensions or modifications will remain consistent with the servicer’s customary servicing practices. In the early months of the COVID-19 outbreak, the servicer experienced an increase in the number of extensions
requested by obligors related to COVID-19, although the volume of such requests has declined in recent months. Approximately 5.09% of the automobile loan contracts in the sponsor’s outstanding Exeter Automobile
Receivables Trust transactions, measured by outstanding principal balance, were granted extensions in November 2020. For purposes of comparison, 4.66% of the automobile loan contracts in the sponsor’s thenoutstanding
Exeter Automobile Receivables Trust transactions, measured by outstanding principal balance, were granted extensions in November 2019. However, absent a breach by Exeter or the depositor of certain
representations and warranties regarding the automobile loan contracts, or a breach by the servicer of certain covenants with respect to the servicing of the automobile loan contracts (and, in each case, only if such breach
materially and adversely affects the interests of the noteholders in the related automobile loan contracts and is not remedied within any applicable cure period), Exeter and the depositor will have no obligation to
repurchase automobile loan contracts for which the related obligor was adversely affected by the outbreak of COVID-19 (including any automobile loan contracts extended or modified after the cutoff date), except that
the servicer will be obligated to purchase any automobile loan contract the term of which is extended beyond the last day of the collection period immediately prior to the final scheduled distribution date for the Class E
Notes. An increase in extensions of the automobile loan contracts will affect the timing of expected collections thereon, and could increase the weighted average life of any class of notes and reduce the yield on your
notes. Initial restrictions imposed by state and local governments in response to COVID-19 resulted in the cessation of most, if not all, physical auctions of used vehicles and significantly reduced the volume and prices in
the auction market for used vehicles in the United States. Although physical auction volume has increased in recent months, and online auctions continue to occur, any such restrictions (including additional or reinstated
restrictions) could adversely affect the servicer’s ability to liquidate repossessed vehicles and the price to be received from the liquidation of such vehicles, which could adversely affect the timing and amount of proceeds
of any defaulted automobile loan contract and the performance and market value of the notes. Because a pandemic such as the COVID-19 outbreak has not occurred in recent years, the sponsor’s historical delinquency
and loan loss experience described in this prospectus may not accurately predict the performance of the automobile loan contracts in this transaction. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts the notes will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 outbreak and the actions taken to contain it or
treat its impact. There can be no assurance that any measures undertaken by the federal government, or by state or local governments, will be effective to mitigate the negative near-term and potentially longer-term impact
of the COVID-19 outbreak. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely affect the United States economy, including the ability of obligors to make timely payments on the automobile loan contracts,
financial markets, and the business and operations of the sponsor and the servicer, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as those related to the
ability of obligors to make timely payments on the automobile loan contracts, used vehicle values, the performance, market value, credit ratings and secondary market liquidity of your notes, and risks of geographic
concentration of the obligors.
An automobile loan contract pool that includes substantially all automobile loan contracts that are the obligations of sub-prime obligors will have higher default rates than a pool comprised of the obligations
of prime obligors. The automobile loan contracts in the automobile loan contract pool are substantially all sub-prime automobile loan contracts and generally were made to obligors who do not qualify for conventional
motor vehicle financing as a result of, among other things, a lack of or adverse credit history, low income levels and/or the inability to provide adequate down payments. While Exeter’s underwriting guidelines, pricing of
the automobile loan contracts and collection methods are designed to negate, to a degree, the higher risks inherent in automobile loan contracts with sub-prime obligors, no assurance can be given that such pricing,
underwriting guidelines and collection methods will afford adequate protection against such risks or that such methods will enable the holding trust (and the issuing entity, in turn, as holder of the holding trust certificate)
to avoid higher than expected charge-off rates or that Exeter’s allowance for credit losses for the next twelve months will be sufficient to cover actual losses. In the event of an automobile loan contract default, generally,
the most practical alternative is repossession of the financed vehicle. The collateral value of the vehicle securing the automobile loan contract realized in a repossession will generally not cover the outstanding principal
balance on that automobile loan contract and the related costs of recovery. Other factors that may affect the ability of the issuing entity to realize the full amount due on an automobile loan contract include whether
endorsements or amendments to certificates of title relating to the automobiles had been filed or such certificates have been delivered to the custodian; whether financing statements to perfect the security interest in the
automobile loan contracts had been filed; depreciation, obsolescence, damage or loss of any vehicle; a market deterioration for recoveries from repossessed automobiles; and the application of federal and state bankruptcy
and insolvency laws. As a result, losses on the automobile loan contracts are anticipated from repossessions and foreclosure sales that do not yield sufficient proceeds to repay the automobile loan contracts in full. See
“Material Legal Aspects of the Automobile Loan Contracts” in this prospectus. During periods of economic downturn, losses may increase and loans used to finance vehicles may incur greater losses. Recently, the
United States has experienced a period of severe and unprecedented economic slowdown that may adversely affect the performance and market value of your notes. It is possible that a higher percentage of obligors will
seek protection under bankruptcy or debtor relief laws as a result of financial and economic disruptions related to the COVID-19 outbreak than is reflected in the sponsor’s historical experience. See “—Adverse events
arising from the coronavirus outbreak could result in delays in payment or losses on your notes,” above. Ongoing deterioration in economic conditions, including elevated unemployment and lack of available credit, as
well as other factors, may lead to increased delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and losses on the automobile loan contracts. Such periods of slowdown or recession may also be accompanied by decreased consumer
demand for automobiles and declining values of automobiles securing outstanding automobile loan contracts, which could weaken collateral coverage and increase the amount of a loss in the event of default. Also, any
increases in the inventory of used automobiles during a period of economic slowdown or recession will typically depress the prices at which repossessed automobiles may be sold. Motor vehicle finance companies,
With respect to the “control” of electronic contracts, we note that the systems maintained by one or more third-party vendors are designed to enable Exeter, as custodian, to perfect its interest in the automobile loan
contracts evidenced by electronic contracts by satisfying the requirements for “control” of “electronic chattel paper” under the UCC. There can be no assurances, however, that the third-party vendors’ technology
systems will perform as represented to the sponsor in maintaining the systems and controls required to provide assurance that Exeter, as custodian, maintains control over an electronic contract. If any such system fails to
perform as represented, then there may be delays in obtaining copies of the electronic contracts or confirming ownership and control of the electronic contracts. Furthermore, if Exeter, as custodian, loses control over the
automobile loan contract through fraud, forgery, negligence or error, or as a result of a computer virus or a hacker’s actions or otherwise, a person other than Exeter, as custodian, may be able to modify or duplicate the
authoritative copy of the contract. We also note that there has been limited legal interpretation of the UCC provisions governing perfection of a security interest in electronic contracts by control, so there can be no
assurance that, even if the system performs as represented, a court would find that the system does not establish control. See “Material Legal Aspects of the Automobile Loan Contracts―Security Interests in the
Financed Vehicles” in this prospectus for more information about the security interests in the automobile loan contracts and financed vehicles. Certain bankruptcy and insolvency matters may delay or reduce
payments on the automobile loan contracts or the notes. In general, the transaction documents and other agreements relating to the automobile loan contracts were structured in order to limit the likelihood of adverse
determinations in bankruptcy, conservatorship, receivership or insolvency proceedings instituted against prior owners in the chain of title to the automobile loan contracts, the sponsor, the servicer and relevant parent
entities, including structuring transfers as “true sales” and structuring the issuing entity and the holding trust as special purpose bankruptcy-remote entities. However, it is possible in any such proceeding that claimants
may argue, and that a court may determine, that one or more transfers of the automobile loan contracts were not “true sales,” or that the separateness of the issuing entity or another relevant entity should be disregarded
and substantively consolidated with one or more parent entities. In such a case, the automobile loan contracts may be treated as part of the bankruptcy estate or conservatorship or receivership estate of the prior owner or
parent entity that is the subject of the applicable proceeding, whether conducted under title 11 of the United States Code, or the Bankruptcy Code, or under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. If the automobile loan
contracts are treated as part of a bankruptcy or conservatorship or receivership estate, there could be delays or reductions in payments on the automobile loan contracts. In addition, numerous statutory provisions,
including federal bankruptcy laws and related State laws, may interfere with or affect the ability of a creditor to enforce an automobile loan contract. A bankruptcy court may also reduce the monthly payments due under
the related automobile loan contracts or change the rate of interest and time of repayment of the indebtedness. Any of the foregoing could result in delays and/or reductions in payments on the notes. Bankruptcy or
insolvency of the servicer or the backup servicer could result in losses on the notes. If the servicer were to go into bankruptcy or become the subject of a similar insolvency proceeding, the servicer (whether Exeter or
a successor servicer) may stop performing its functions as servicer. Certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Code could prevent the backup servicer or another successor servicer from assuming the servicing role
notwithstanding any provision in the sale and servicing agreement or the indenture to the contrary. As a result, investors should not assume that the backup servicer or another successor servicer will automatically or
promptly be able to take over servicing from the servicer in the event of a bankruptcy of the servicer. Additionally, except with respect to the backup servicer’s replacement of the servicer, it may be difficult to find a third
party to act as successor servicer. Alternatively, the servicer may take the position that unless the amount of its compensation is increased or the terms of its obligations are otherwise altered, it will stop performing its
functions as servicer. If the backup servicer is unable to fulfill its obligations to take over servicing and, if it would be difficult to find a third party to act as successor servicer, the issuing entity, as the holding trust
certificateholder, as a
practical matter, may have no choice but to agree to the demands of the servicer. The servicer may also have the power, in connection with a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and with the approval of the court or the
bankruptcy trustee or similar official, to assign its rights and obligations as servicer to a third party without the consent, and even over the objection, of the issuing entity, as the holding trust certificateholder, despite the
provisions of the applicable documents. If the servicer or the backup servicer is a debtor in bankruptcy or the subject of a similar insolvency proceeding, then the parties may be prohibited (unless authorization is obtained
from the court or the bankruptcy trustee or similar official) from taking any action to enforce any obligations of the servicer or the backup servicer under the sale and servicing agreement or under any related documents,
or to collect any amount owing by the servicer or the backup servicer under such documents, or to terminate and replace the servicer or the backup servicer despite the terms of the any such documents. Additionally, if the
servicer or the sponsor were to become a debtor in bankruptcy or the subject of an insolvency or similar proceeding, payments previously made by such person during the preference period could potentially be avoided
and required to be returned as a preferential payment under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law. To the extent any collections have been received on the automobile loan contracts but not yet
been remitted to the collection account, including amounts held in a lockbox account or any account of the servicer, there can be no assurance that such collections will be remitted to the collection account in the event of
the bankruptcy or insolvency of the servicer. Other creditors of the servicer may be deemed to have, or actually have, rights to such amounts that are equal to or greater than the rights of the holding trust or issuing entity
as holding trust certificateholder. In addition, because a bankruptcy or similar proceeding may take months or years to complete, even any recovery that is determined to be owed by the servicer or the sponsor as the
debtor in the bankruptcy or similar proceeding (and no such recovery can be assured) may effectively experience a reduction in value by the time such recovery is available. More generally, obligors may delay or suspend
making payments to the servicer because of the uncertainties occasioned by the servicer becoming subject to a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, even if the obligors have no legal right to do so, and such delay would
reduce, at least for a time, the funds that might otherwise be available to pay the notes. It is possible that a period of adverse economic conditions resulting in high defaults and delinquencies on the automobile loan
contracts will increase the potential bankruptcy risk to the servicer if its servicing compensation is less than the cost of servicing. In addition, Exeter currently depends in part upon its ability to sell securities in the asset
backed securities market and upon its ability to access various credit facilities to fund its operations. As discussed under “—Adverse events arising from the coronavirus outbreak could result in delays in payment or
losses on your notes,” above, the global credit and finance markets have recently experienced, and may continue to experience, significant disruption and volatility, and recent government and regulatory actions may not
be successful in mitigating the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 outbreak. Sustained adverse economic effects from the COVID-19 outbreak may also result in downgrades in the credit ratings of asset-backed
securities sponsored by Exeter or adversely affect the interest rate environment. Exeter cannot predict how the COVID-19 outbreak and the legal and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 outbreak and related economic
disruptions will affect its businesses, including its liquidity or the ability to access the capital markets. If Exeter’s access to funding is reduced or if Exeter’s costs to obtain such funding significantly increases, Exeter’s
business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. The occurrence of any of these events could result in delays or reductions in distributions on, or other losses with respect to, the notes. There
may also be other possible effects of a bankruptcy, insolvency proceeding or similar proceeding of the servicer, the sponsor or the backup servicer that could result in delays or reductions in distributions on, or other
losses with respect to, the notes. Regardless of any specific adverse determinations in a bankruptcy or similar insolvency proceeding of the servicer, the sponsor or the backup servicer, the fact that such a proceeding has
been commenced could have an adverse effect on the value of the automobile loan contracts and the liquidity and value of the notes.
